push-button openness Queen and so it is
Dragon's Dogma we flush okay
we're asking you gentlemen what what the
hell Tom Ince Darwin look at the book
which city phases oh yeah awesomeness
I'm wedding let's go Jess Dogma West
warning
Capcom Dragon's Dogma quest press any
button even touch a screen should work
yes you did
you game what the hell oh don't you have
to make an account new game let's do
this first have to make a play a name
let's do it on the Omega Omega crap i
recharge I dunno be you be do this
you'll be boy
Wow keep your different couches well
should I
they that beat this one what the hell he
should cry one
yes it's Judas but to which - which
tells the story of the problems of this
world she hides her criminal face with
the long pointy hatch the sweet shakes
well what's different to what I was
expecting the wind behold we have two
but now I didn't do anything in Dungeon
start was any button so I can move the
screen around and then I've got four
walks okay it's got you the toilet chest
oh yeah woke in the ground did I got
some item five bucks - yeah look weird
behind me is broken again I cannot
escape
next will be a battle sweet box and we
fight this guy then how this game will
that Joe starts there's two characters
you look at that watch and have a tree
couches awesome to say this car
right
I set up a Jack 300 damage patch of two
characters both of your jack 300 Emmys
and 1000 damage old cows quite with
damage we lose this guy yeah we say
attack as well
it was useless you seem to do freaking
anything hurt jack awesome
then I will take him and you all watch
them attack which what happens
oh nice kills the Beast win WI and okay
but screen moves and go back to office
yeah a debt which we wouldn't do cuz I
will be dumped we go forward go but to
move yeah now with four moves we just
avoids the monster altogether we go yeah
I know at play advantage awesomeness we
have to advantage for some strange
reason don't know that works so check
with everybody that is the best way to
do this yes yes yes yeah when you almost
in a look at that now just take return
it's over holy cow took him down like it
was nothing okay now we don't go to AA
can't get apart
let's go straight for this one this
battle is gonna be difficult it's a new
creature now Logan we can fly monster
okay with no foam I will check with
oh nice nice for once you get the heart
oh my gosh yeah oh this is my lunches oh
goodness
Thank You Nico - Oh crazy no bachelor
final boss ok monster going down oh yeah
all your work for nothing nothing short
1,000 ever spawn
yes you win congratulations you have
completed the dungeon oh yeah
therefore up Wow nice oh ha ha ha ha oh
nice
Oh